[IMP] CRM: Lead enrichment update (#16882)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/crm/optimize/lead_enrichment.rst

Lead enrichment
===============

*Lead enrichment* is an In-App Purchase (IAP) service that provides business information for a
contact attached to a lead. As an :abbr:`IAP (In-App Purchase)`, lead enrichment requires credits to
use and is available for existing leads in an Odoo database. Enterprise Odoo users with a valid
subscription get free credits to test :abbr:`IAP (In-App Purchase)`. This includes demo/training

> databases, educational databases, and one-app-free databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Lead enrichment* is an In-App Purchase (IAP) service that provides business information for a
contact attached to a lead. Using lead enrichment requires credits and is available for existing leads in an Odoo database. Enterprise Odoo users with a valid
subscription receive free credits to test :abbr:`IAP (In-App Purchase)`. This applies to demo/training, educational, and one-app-free databases.
```
suggestion

> The information provided by lead enrichment can include general information about the business

Author: I'll check that out in "make fast".

   :guilabel:`(Remove)` icon in the searchbar to show the entire pipeline, if desired. Then click
   the :icon:`fa-align-justify` :guilabel:`(List)` button to switch to the list view and select
   leads to enrich.

Pricing
=======

Lead enrichment is an In-App Purchase (IAP) feature and each enriched lead costs one credit. Pricing
information can be found on the `Lead Generation <https://iap.odoo.com/iap/in-app-services/167>`_
page.

To buy credits, navigate to :menuselection:`CRM app --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the
:guilabel:`Lead Generation` section, under the :guilabel:`Lead Enrichment` feature, click on
:guilabel:`Manage Service & Buy Credits`.

.. note::
   Because credits are not interchangeable between IAP services, clicking the :guilabel:`Manage
   Service & Buy Credits` link under the :guilabel:`Lead Mining` sub-header does **not** lead to a
   web page where *Lead Enrichment* credits can be purchased.

Credits may also be purchased by navigating to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Contacts -->
Odoo IAP --> View My Services`. From there, every IAP service active on the database can be viewed

> and credits may be purchased by clicking one and clicking the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo IAP --> View My Services`. From there, every active IAP service  in the database can be viewed
and credits can be purchased by selecting one and clicking the :guilabel:`Buy Credit` link.
```
suggestion
